Add link to Planning Guide (#1412)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/assemblies/hub/assembly-populate-container-registry.adoc

====
Image manifests and filesystem blobs were both originally served directly from `registry.redhat.io` and `registry.access.redhat.com`. 
As of 1 May 2023, filesystem blobs are served from `quay.io` instead. 

> * Ensure that the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.4/html/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform_planning_guide/ref-network-ports-protocols_planning[Network ports and protocols] listed in _Table 5.10. Execution Environments (EE)__ are available to avoid problems pulling container images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that the link:{BaseURL}/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform_planning_guide/ref-network-ports-protocols_planning[Network ports and protocols] listed in _Table 5.10. Execution Environments (EE)_ are available to avoid problems pulling container images.
```

> * Ensure that the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.4/html/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform_planning_guide/ref-network-ports-protocols_planning[Network ports and protocols] listed in _Table 5.10. Execution Environments (EE)__ are available to avoid problems pulling container images.

Reviewer: Should this link directly to Table 5.10, or is it OK just to link to the Network ports and protocols module?
